NMS-13704: GeoIP Provisioning Adapter (#3799)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/releasenotes/pages/whatsnew.adoc

* A link:https://issues.opennms.org/browse/NMS-13313[`localhost` node is now monitored] and enumerates some useful OpenNMS metrics by default.
* LLDP scanning in Enlinkd has link:https://issues.opennms.org/browse/NMS-13593[added support for `TIMETRA-LLDP-MIB`].

=== GeoIP Provisioning Adapter
The GeoIP Provisioning Adapter can be used to enrich node's asset data with location information.

> It also allows to utilize the GeoIP2 databases from Maxmind to lookup longitude/latitude values for a given IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses the GeoIP2 Databases from MaxMind to look up longitude/latitude values for a given IP address.
```
